1.Write a program to create a stream from a List<Integer> and print all its elements using forEach.
2.Write a program tocConvert an array of strings into a stream and print all elements in uppercase.
3.Write a program tofilter only even numbers using a stream from   a List<Integer> 
4.Write a program to generate a stream of integers using Stream.iterate() and limit it to the first 5 numbers.
5.Write a program to sort list of string based on there length
6.Write a program torRemove duplicates from a List<String> using a stream
7.Write a program to find the first element s greater than 10 in list of integers.
8.Write a program to check if any number in a list is divisible by 7.
9.Write a program to verify if all numbers in a list are positive using a stream.
10.Write a program to find no string in a list starts with the letter "Z"
11.Write a program to find the sum of all numbers in given a List<List<Integer>>
12.Write a program to group a list of strings by their lengths using streams and Collectors
13.Write a progrma to count the number of strings in a list that have more than 5 characters
14.Write a program to find the sum of numbers in a larger list in given List<List<Integer>>
15.Write a program to find  product of all integers in a list using stream api methods.
16.Write a program to find the list students whose name starts with "a"
17.Write a program to convert list of string to single string separated by commas.
18.Wrte a program to find the maximum value in a list of integers using a stream.
19.Find the minimum value in a list of doubles using a stream.
20.Partition a list of numbers into even and odd groups using streams.
21.Skip the first 3 elements of a stream and print the remaining ones.
22.Use peek to debug and log each step in a stream pipeline.
23.Convert a list of strings representing numbers into integers and calculate their sum.
24.Filter employees with a salary greater than 50k and sort them by name.
25.Find the second-highest number in a list using streams
26.Find the sum of the squares of even numbers in a list
27.Convert a list of strings into a map where the key is the string and the value is its length.
28.Write a program to extract the all phone numbers of employees as a set where each employee can have multiple phone numbers.
29.Write a custom collector to calculate the product of all integers in a stream.
30.Write a program to find the numbers which are starting with 2 from a list of numbers
31.Write a program to find the count of each character in a string using streams



